[Music]
little thing I mean me let's see This is like
suddenly saving the distances But
this is like suddenly El Rubius
dedicates a very long statement to wale
or wizard wizard I'm fed up with you
putting Javi's face on my
body I mean I didn't understand absolutely
anything let's see if I understood okay And this is
going to drive me crazy but come on
I did understand this and this is really crazy I
mean this I don't believe under any circumstances
that I look at Nica and her little things she's
a person who has a ton of
followers eh that's her thing and that she's not
even dedicated to YouTube anymore I don't
think she even watches the videos that are
talked about her and things like that eh
Unless it's something specific that
interests her she's working on these
letters with Win michu not in
Win michu's company if I'm not mistaken I
mean I think she's a scriptwriter producer or
something like that for Win michu's company no topa Anica mi
no topa  Anica with that
mustache you have a third eyebrow Oh no no no
what what's going on there's no need today to set a
goal that you're there giving me
money to mess with me with the
mustache because I can block eh
calm down the mother Yes of course this is
mother things Look at the mother Yes she bumps into
Nica Well it's not that she bumps into Nica it's that she has I have
a folder full of
tweets grandpa don't pay attention to them if you
like your Freddy Mercury mustache it's
fine Take off your clothes better face laughing and
wizard where's wizard Has anyone
seen wizard yes he's [ __ ] me in the
ass on WhatsApp now Look let's see what he
's giving me a kiss beca thank goodness Thank goodness
becca you support me you
're not a rabble that follows me gosh the
mother yeah to panic okay eh e Look at
Anika and Alanne who are upset take
another retweet to Joan Plana how proud you are
challenging Joan pl a guy who has said
everything to several women I have
blocked you for years but you don't miss
a single tweet of mine Ob cesas nor you of
them O  be basically neither you of them
How do you know what Anica and her
little things say, I mean a follower of Javi and
Dallas, I mean it doesn't make any
sense, not here she insults her, here they
call her sick too, I mean Of course she
bumps into her Look, okay, for me, for me, my
personal opinion, clearly
she wanted to take advantage of the fact that right now she kind of
has a wave of people in favor
of her and so on To take advantage of the fact that she's
angry with Nika and Karime, eh, I mean, I
have a tweet here but I have it because
she's suing me for calling her a
crazy old woman, okay And then I have a
bunch of tweets here where she
tells Karime she's an ugly, sick, ugly old woman, very
ugly, I don't know what it is, like, man, if you
consider your honor violated by calling her
old, for saying crazy old woman or things like that,
and Of course you start
calling people sick, eh And that kind of
thing then, eh, is their stuff, their
Twitter stuff, okay, praise would have
been that of that, good, good video,
right, how do you read them? If she's
blocked because she watches everything every
day, every day, look, drunk, they
also call her  the NC But well, I mean,
this is a move that for me doesn't come out of
pissing, these are his moves and his Game of
Throne that he has in his head. Now I'm going to
ask wismichu to file this
lawsuit, we're going to file this to
deny the other thing, something happens. I'm going to
tell him to make this video, the idiot is
going to do it, you know that kind of thing, there's no
more, eh. There's no more Anica and her things,
the things, low neuronal density due to
premature brain aging, I
personally understand. When two
people fight on the internet, they
say everything, but even more personally,
some people who sue for
saying crazy old woman or you have a [ __ ] too
old to say nonsense and they make these
kinds of expressions, well, then I don't
understand what
the law is being used for. Well, if not, eh, he has
made a nice children's mural
compiling The times I have talked about
Dallas in these 9 years to demonstrate my
supposed obsession with it being a milestone that it
has achieved with great effort and some
tricks by sneaking in various podcasts
or interviews that have nothing to do
with the subject where it is not even mentioned. What
which  let's see Anica what have you done a little
drawing Oh let's
see Anica this has nothing to
do with the topic Electra says that game
over is crying Ah well Well if
Electra says it is clear No I mean coming from
letter I have it very clear no I don't know
places let's go anyway we don't have
time eh Let's see Anica this is not going Here
she is right that this is not
about Dallas This yes obviously
a kiss B Boss old man thinks Mark thinks
please face begging face
begging This yes This was from
Catalan TV And yes it does not deal with dla
directly but it is going to let her out the
barb This yes this the ration this is the
nails also the ration this if I'm not
mistaken is the Yellow melow that there
was also a topic This yes it is the
dog where Marina lobo and this last one
if I'm not mistaken is my no that there are
many that we have not treated this
for example we did not treat I realized
because the mother put it on Twitter But there
are many that we have not treated but
come on  eh It's that I don't know eh I don't
think the number
of posts, the number of videos
and such is relevant, well, can it be done with both, I
mean, it can be done with both, no, you
set the number of tweets, the number
of covers, the number of such, can it be
done with both? In the end, what
matters is the background of the story, not the
number of appearances. I don't know, really,
what do you think about this, what do you think? And then
she did this, no, let's see, wait, I'll keep
reading. But she says, I've been
silent for years, no, no, no, but that's
complete nonsense, not at all, at all,
there's always some of her communications on
Twitter and things, you know what happens,
a lot of things, a lot of things with
the mother. Look, for example, Laser Len, I've
heard her say things that are about her
mother, the mother talks to someone, she
talks to Laser Len and she lets it out, she
moves like this, her story, you know. So,
well, I don't know, compile 10
interventions or Fu at most it would be one
a year and I thought it would be very
illustrative to do a colat about the
videos that Dallas has dedicated exclusively
or entirely to talking about  me or my
family in 10 minutes I've taken like
60 that without counting more or less How many
times has she broken her silence HM no but
look to me it seemed to me it seems a
little absurd to pretend like I'm not talking
okay because I think it would have been
spectacular but of course she doesn't talk
about the issue of the honor lawsuits
when you're filing lawsuits what they
recommend is not to say anything but
the less you say the less you talk the
more chances you have to win not
like me who is a big mouth No you saw that
the moderator of Sur argued with Guipel
now I'll go look at some things it's
not that then we exceed 100 and they don't
fit in the image according to the statistics we
would be talking about that during nu but it's that
this sincerely and Where did we get
the obsession with Dallas with me
has been more than portrayed more than
ever it's scary that she continues thinking of me at
all hours in this way the obsession
of Dallas let's see This is the series of
videos of the controversy when the
dog thing let's see I think they talk about each
other Look  cameo no I think I think they
talk about each other eh
basically when when a
judicial resolution comes out currently no
when a judicial resolution comes out or or
when they go to a podcast because they bring up
the topics no Or because they go with the topics
learned no but well I don't see
much importance in this either, the truth is I don't
see much importance in this either, I don't
even know why the hell I have dealt with this if the
interesting thing of the day is this but well
Anica what have you answered or something anik
how do you feel the salsera Let's see let's
see wis we continue seeing that is that I also do
n't see the point in answering
a Random because she made a
mural for you whatever it is it's that it doesn't seem to me that it's a
thing of theirs okay But what is the
problem with both of them talking about
themselves m exactly Good point Karime
Good point Karime it doesn't seem to me that
if oh oh How many videos has each
one made How many tweets how many I don't know what it's
more like the background not the background and the
points Look, personally, it seems to me
a mistake on Dallas's part that he
made the videos this week the way he
did, it seemed
much better to me  that she hadn't posted so many
tweets answering tweets and videos two
videos in Dallas without a filter I don't know
what I don't know how much she should have
taken on Monday to have kept quiet and on
Wednesday or something like that to have uploaded a video
well putting each point all the
points look on Monday she came out Okay
now let's get to the points No now let's
comment on some points Oh
really I don't find it funny wizard I don't
find it funny What is this Oh this video
man if this video could be recovered
I needed it This video for one thing
man I don't know if this is mine or hers
but great video man
[Music]